arch map
name Asteria
msg
Created:  2009-08-09 Alex Tokar
Modified: 2014-02-28 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 40
outdoor 1
no_harm 1
bg_music chether.mid
region asteria
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
end
arch plant_flower2
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
y 1
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
y 2
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
y 3
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
y 4
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
y 5
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
y 6
end
arch map_info
hp 9
sp 17
race Asteria Palace
slaying kaitindam.mid
y 6
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
y 7
end
arch plant_flower6
y 7
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
y 8
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
y 9
end
arch lantern_black
y 9
end
arch light7
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 11
end
arch grassd_m7
y 11
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
y 12
end
arch lantern_black
y 12
end
arch light7
y 12
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
y 13
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 1
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 1
y 1
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 1
y 2
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 1
y 3
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 1
y 4
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 1
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 1
y 5
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 1
y 6
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 1
y 7
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 1
y 8
end
arch tree_big3
x 1
y 8
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 1
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
x 1
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 11
end
arch grassd_m7
x 1
y 11
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 1
y 12
end
arch plant11
x 1
y 12
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 1
y 13
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 1
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 1
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 1
y 23
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 2
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 2
y 1
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 2
y 2
end
arch small_stones
x 2
y 2
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 2
y 3
end
arch tree_big4b
x 2
y 3
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 2
y 4
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 2
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 2
y 5
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 2
y 6
end
arch tree_big2
x 2
y 6
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 2
y 7
end
arch grass_thick2
z 50
x 2
y 8
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 2
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
x 2
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 11
end
arch grassd_m7
x 2
y 11
end
arch grass_leaf2
z 50
x 2
y 12
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 2
y 13
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 2
y 14
end
arch wall_dungeon_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 15
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 16
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 17
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 18
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 19
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 20
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 21
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 22
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 2
y 23
end
arch wall_dungeon_3
x 2
y 23
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 3
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 3
y 1
end
arch stone1
x 3
y 1
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 3
y 2
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 3
y 3
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 3
y 4
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 3
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 3
y 5
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 3
y 6
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 3
y 7
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 3
y 8
end
arch plant_flower11
x 3
y 8
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 3
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 3
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
x 3
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 3
y 11
end
arch grassd_m7
x 3
y 11
end
arch grass_leaf2
z 50
x 3
y 12
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 3
y 13
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 3
y 14
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 3
y 15
end
arch plant17
x 3
y 15
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 3
y 16
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 3
y 17
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 3
y 18
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 3
y 19
end
arch plant_mushroom3
x 3
y 19
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 3
y 20
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 3
y 21
end
arch grass_flowers2
z 50
x 3
y 22
end
arch grass_flowers1
z 50
x 3
y 23
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 4
end
arch lantern_black
x 4
end
arch light7
x 4
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 4
y 1
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 2
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 3
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 4
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 4
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 4
y 5
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 4
y 6
end
arch plant_mushroom3
x 4
y 6
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 4
y 7
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 4
y 8
end
arch tree_big2
x 4
y 8
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 4
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
x 4
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 4
y 11
end
arch grassd_m7
x 4
y 11
end
arch grass_flowers3
z 50
x 4
y 12
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 4
y 13
end
arch lantern_black
x 4
y 13
end
arch light7
x 4
y 13
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 4
y 14
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 4
y 15
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 4
y 16
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 17
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 4
y 18
end
arch lantern_black
x 4
y 18
end
arch light7
x 4
y 18
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 4
y 19
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 4
y 20
end
arch tree_big3
x 4
y 20
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 4
y 21
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 4
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 4
y 23
end
arch lantern_black
x 4
y 23
end
arch light7
x 4
y 23
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 5
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 5
y 1
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 5
y 2
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 5
y 3
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 5
y 4
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 5
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 5
y 5
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 5
y 6
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 5
y 7
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 5
y 8
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 5
y 9
end
arch lantern_black
x 5
y 9
end
arch light7
x 5
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 10
end
arch grassd_m10
x 5
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 11
end
arch grassd_m14
x 5
y 11
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 12
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 12
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 13
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 13
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 14
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 15
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 16
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 17
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 18
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 19
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 20
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 21
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 22
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 5
y 23
end
arch grassd_m9
x 5
y 23
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 6
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 6
y 1
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 6
y 2
end
arch plant_flower2
x 6
y 2
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 6
y 3
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 6
y 4
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 6
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 6
y 5
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 6
y 6
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 6
y 7
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 6
y 8
end
arch tree_big3
x 6
y 8
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 6
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 10
end
arch grassd_m6
x 6
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 11
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 11
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 12
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 12
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 13
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 13
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 14
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 15
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 16
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 17
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 18
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 19
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 20
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 21
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 22
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 6
y 23
end
arch grassd_m8
x 6
y 23
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 7
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 7
y 1
end
arch tree_big2
x 7
y 1
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 7
y 2
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 7
y 3
end
arch tree_big3
x 7
y 3
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 7
y 4
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 7
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 7
y 5
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 7
y 6
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 7
y 7
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 7
y 8
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 7
y 9
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 7
y 10
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 7
y 11
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 7
y 12
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 7
y 13
end
arch lantern_black
x 7
y 13
end
arch light7
x 7
y 13
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 7
y 14
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 7
y 15
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 7
y 16
end
arch grass_flowers2
z 50
x 7
y 17
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 7
y 18
end
arch lantern_black
x 7
y 18
end
arch light7
x 7
y 18
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 7
y 19
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 7
y 20
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 7
y 21
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 7
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 7
y 23
end
arch lantern_black
x 7
y 23
end
arch light7
x 7
y 23
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 8
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 8
y 1
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 8
y 2
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 8
y 3
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 8
y 4
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 8
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 8
y 5
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 8
y 6
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 8
y 7
end
arch tree_big2
x 8
y 7
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 8
y 8
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 8
y 9
end
arch plant_flower6
x 8
y 9
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 8
y 10
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 8
y 11
end
arch tree_big3
x 8
y 11
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 8
y 12
end
arch grass_leaf2
z 50
x 8
y 13
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 8
y 14
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 8
y 15
end
arch tree_big4b
x 8
y 15
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 8
y 16
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 8
y 17
end
arch plant9
x 8
y 17
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 8
y 18
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 8
y 19
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 8
y 20
end
arch tree_big3
x 8
y 20
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 8
y 21
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 8
y 22
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 8
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 9
end
arch lantern_black
x 9
end
arch light7
x 9
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 1
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 2
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 9
y 3
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 4
end
arch wall_fstone_round.108
x 9
y 4
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 9
y 5
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 9
y 6
end
arch wall_fstone_round.106
x 9
y 6
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 9
y 7
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 8
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 9
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 10
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 11
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 9
y 12
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 9
y 13
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 9
y 14
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 15
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 16
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 9
y 17
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 9
y 19
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 9
y 20
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 9
y 21
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 9
y 22
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 9
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
end
arch plant_flower5
x 10
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 10
y 1
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 10
y 2
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 10
y 3
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 10
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 4
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 5
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 6
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 10
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 7
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 10
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 8
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 10
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 9
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 10
y 10
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 10
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 10
y 11
end
arch plant17
x 10
y 11
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 11
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
y 12
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 12
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 10
y 13
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 13
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 10
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 14
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 10
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 15
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 10
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 16
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 10
y 17
end
arch plant_flower7
x 10
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 17
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 10
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 19
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 10
y 20
end
arch plant17
x 10
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 20
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 10
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 21
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 10
y 22
end
arch plant_flower5
x 10
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 22
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 10
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 10
y 23
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 11
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 11
y 1
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 11
y 2
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 11
y 3
end
arch plant_flower7
x 11
y 3
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 11
y 4
end
arch wall_fstone_round.102
x 11
y 4
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 11
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
x 11
y 5
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 11
y 6
end
arch wall_fstone_round.104
x 11
y 6
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 11
y 7
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 11
y 8
end
arch tree_branch2
x 11
y 8
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 11
y 9
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 11
y 10
end
arch plant_mushroom4
x 11
y 10
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 11
y 11
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 11
y 12
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 11
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_8
x 11
y 13
end
arch client_map_info
msg
Temple of Grunhilde.
endmsg
name asteria_temple_grunhilde
sub_type 2
stand_still 1
x 11
y 13
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 11
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 14
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 11
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 15
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 11
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 16
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 11
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 17
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 11
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 11
y 19
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 19
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 11
y 20
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 20
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 11
y 21
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 21
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 11
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 11
y 22
end
arch client_map_info
name asteria_temple_grunhilde
sub_type 2
x 11
y 22
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 11
y 23
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 12
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 12
y 1
end
arch wall_wood_8
x 12
y 1
end
arch client_map_info
msg
Temple of Tylowyn.
endmsg
name asteria_temple_tylowyn
sub_type 2
stand_still 1
x 12
y 1
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 12
y 2
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 2
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 12
y 3
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 3
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 12
y 4
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 4
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 12
y 5
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 5
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 12
y 6
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 6
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 12
y 7
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 7
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 12
y 8
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 12
y 8
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 12
y 9
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 12
y 10
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 12
y 11
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 12
y 12
end
arch client_map_info
name asteria_temple_tylowyn
sub_type 2
x 12
y 12
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 12
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 12
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 14
end
arch shelf3a.111
direction 7
x 12
y 14
arch edict_asteria_temples
no_pick 1
end
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 15
end
arch torch_wall_1
direction 5
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 16
end
arch shrine1.111
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 17
end
arch rack.111
direction 5
x 12
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 18
end
arch spawn_point
x 12
y 18
arch guard_female
name Helga
level 22
type 83
direction 3
arch event_obj
sub_type 6
race /interfaces/temples/grunhilde.xml
end
end
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 19
end
arch rack.111
direction 5
x 12
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 20
end
arch shrine1.111
x 12
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 21
end
arch torch_wall_1
direction 5
x 12
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 12
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 12
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 12
y 23
end
arch plant1
x 12
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 13
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 13
y 1
end
arch wall_wood2_1
x 13
y 1
end
arch flag_03
x 13
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 2
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 3
end
arch clock
direction 7
x 13
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 5
end
arch spawn_point
x 13
y 5
arch elvish_shaman
name Eshorem
type 83
level 22
direction 3
arch ability_firestorm
sp 2
hp 2
end
arch event_obj
sub_type 6
race /interfaces/temples/tylowyn.xml
end
end
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 13
y 8
end
arch wall_wood3_1
x 13
y 8
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 13
y 9
end
arch fence_01.173
x 13
y 9
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 13
y 10
end
arch fence_01.171
x 13
y 10
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 13
y 11
end
arch fence_01.171
x 13
y 11
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 13
y 12
end
arch fence_01.161
x 13
y 12
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 13
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 13
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 15
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 13
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 16
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 13
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 18
end
arch altar_grunhilde
direction 7
xrays 1
x 13
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 20
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 13
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 21
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 13
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 13
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 13
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 13
y 23
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 14
end
arch lantern_black
x 14
end
arch light7
x 14
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 14
y 1
end
arch wall_wood2_1
x 14
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 2
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 14
y 2
arch edict_asteria_temples
no_pick 1
end
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 3
end
arch light3
x 14
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 5
end
arch altar_tylowyn
direction 3
xrays 1
x 14
y 5
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 6
end
arch light3
x 14
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 14
y 8
end
arch wall_wood3_1
x 14
y 8
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 14
y 9
end
arch grass_leafm10
x 14
y 9
end
arch grass_leaf2
z 50
x 14
y 10
end
arch lo_tree3
x 14
y 10
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 14
y 11
end
arch grass_leafm13
x 14
y 11
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 14
y 12
end
arch fence_01.151
x 14
y 12
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 14
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 14
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 14
end
arch clock
x 14
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 14
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 14
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 14
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 15
end
arch plant_flower7
x 15
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 15
y 1
end
arch wall_wood_w_1
x 15
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 2
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 5
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 15
y 8
end
arch door_wood1
x 15
y 8
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 15
y 9
end
arch grass_leafm14
x 15
y 9
end
arch grass_leaf1
z 50
x 15
y 10
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 15
y 11
end
arch grass_leafm3
x 15
y 11
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 15
y 12
end
arch fence_01.152
x 15
y 12
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 15
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 15
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 15
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 15
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 16
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 15
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 20
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 15
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 21
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 15
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 15
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 15
y 22
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 15
y 23
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 16
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 16
y 1
end
arch wall_wood2_1
x 16
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 2
end
arch chair2_111
direction 3
x 16
y 2
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 3
end
arch chair2_111
direction 3
x 16
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 4
end
arch chair2_111
direction 3
x 16
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 5
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 6
end
arch chair2_111
direction 3
x 16
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 7
end
arch chair2_111
direction 3
x 16
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 16
y 8
end
arch wall_wood_w_1
x 16
y 8
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 16
y 9
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 16
y 10
end
arch plant17
x 16
y 10
end
arch water_lt
z 50
x 16
y 11
end
arch grassd_m4
x 16
y 11
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 16
y 12
end
arch fence_01.151
x 16
y 12
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 16
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 16
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 14
end
arch torch_wall_1
x 16
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 16
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 16
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 16
y 23
end
arch tree_branch1
x 16
y 23
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 17
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 17
y 1
end
arch wall_wood2_1
x 17
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 2
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 5
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 17
y 8
end
arch wall_wood3_1
x 17
y 8
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 17
y 9
end
arch water_lt2
z 50
x 17
y 10
end
arch grassd_m4
x 17
y 10
end
arch water_lt4
z 50
x 17
y 11
end
arch grassd_m5
x 17
y 11
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 17
y 12
end
arch fence_01.151
x 17
y 12
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 17
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 17
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 15
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 17
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 16
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 17
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 20
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 17
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 21
end
arch bank1.111
direction 7
x 17
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 17
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 17
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 17
y 23
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 18
end
arch plant_mushroom3
x 18
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 18
y 1
end
arch wall_wood2_1
x 18
y 1
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 2
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 18
y 2
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 3
end
arch wall_wood_w_3
x 18
y 3
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 4
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 18
y 4
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 5
end
arch door_wood1
direction 3
x 18
y 5
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 6
end
arch wall_wood3_3
x 18
y 6
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 7
end
arch wall_wood_w_3
x 18
y 7
end
arch floor_wood4d
z 50
x 18
y 8
end
arch wall_wood_4
x 18
y 8
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 18
y 9
end
arch fence_01.133
x 18
y 9
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 18
y 10
end
arch fence_01.131
x 18
y 10
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 18
y 11
end
arch fence_01.131
x 18
y 11
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 18
y 12
end
arch fence_01.141
x 18
y 12
end
arch client_map_info
name asteria_temple_tylowyn
sub_type 2
x 18
y 12
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 18
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 18
y 13
end
arch client_map_info
name asteria_temple_grunhilde
sub_type 2
x 18
y 13
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 18
y 14
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 18
y 15
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 18
y 16
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 18
y 17
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 18
end
arch door1_locked
direction 5
x 18
y 18
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 19
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 18
y 19
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 20
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 18
y 20
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 21
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 18
y 21
end
arch floor_ostone8
z 50
x 18
y 22
end
arch wall_stone_4
x 18
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 18
y 23
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
end
arch grassd_m3
x 19
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 19
y 1
end
arch lantern_black
x 19
y 1
end
arch light7
x 19
y 1
end
arch grassd_6
z 50
x 19
y 2
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 19
y 3
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 4
end
arch grassd_m4
x 19
y 4
end
arch sign_generic
msg
Elven Temple of Asteria
endmsg
direction 3
x 19
y 4
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 5
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 6
end
arch grassd_m3
x 19
y 6
end
arch lantern_black
x 19
y 6
end
arch light7
x 19
y 6
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 19
y 7
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 19
y 8
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 19
y 9
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 19
y 10
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 19
y 11
end
arch lantern_black
x 19
y 11
end
arch light7
x 19
y 11
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 19
y 12
end
arch plant_flower7
x 19
y 12
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 19
y 13
end
arch grassd_8
z 50
x 19
y 14
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 19
y 15
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 19
y 16
end
arch lantern_black
x 19
y 16
end
arch light7
x 19
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 17
end
arch grassd_m4
x 19
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 19
y 19
end
arch grassd_m3
x 19
y 19
end
arch sign_generic
msg
The Temple of the Valkyries
endmsg
direction 3
x 19
y 19
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 19
y 20
end
arch plant_flower5
x 19
y 20
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 19
y 21
end
arch lantern_black
x 19
y 21
end
arch light7
x 19
y 21
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 19
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 19
y 23
end
arch plant17
x 19
y 23
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
end
arch grassd_m14
x 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 1
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 1
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 2
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 2
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 3
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 3
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 4
end
arch grassd_m13
x 20
y 4
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 5
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 6
end
arch grassd_m14
x 20
y 6
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 7
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 7
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 8
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 8
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 9
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 10
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 11
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 11
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 12
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 12
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 13
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 13
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 14
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 15
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 16
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 17
end
arch grassd_m13
x 20
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 19
end
arch grassd_m14
x 20
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 20
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 21
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 22
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 20
y 23
end
arch grassd_m9
x 20
y 23
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 1
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 2
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 3
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 4
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 5
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 6
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 7
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 8
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 11
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 12
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 13
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 21
y 23
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 1
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 1
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 2
end
arch grassd_m12
x 22
y 2
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 3
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 4
end
arch grassd_m11
x 22
y 4
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 5
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 5
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 6
end
arch grassd_m12
x 22
y 6
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 7
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 8
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 9
end
arch grassd_m11
x 22
y 9
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 10
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 10
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 11
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 11
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 12
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 12
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 13
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 13
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 14
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 14
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 15
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 15
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 16
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 16
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 17
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 17
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 18
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 18
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 19
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 19
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 20
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 20
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 21
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 21
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 22
end
arch grassd_m8
x 22
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 22
y 23
end
arch grassd_m12
x 22
y 23
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 23
end
arch plant_flower7
x 23
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 23
y 1
end
arch plant17
x 23
y 1
end
arch lantern_black
x 23
y 1
end
arch light7
x 23
y 1
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 2
end
arch grassd_m6
x 23
y 2
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 3
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 4
end
arch grassd_m5
x 23
y 4
end
arch sign_generic
msg
Cave of Jotarl
endmsg
direction 7
x 23
y 4
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 23
y 5
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 6
end
arch grassd_m6
x 23
y 6
end
arch lantern_black
x 23
y 6
end
arch light7
x 23
y 6
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 7
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 8
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 9
end
arch grassd_m5
x 23
y 9
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 23
y 10
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 23
y 11
end
arch lantern_black
x 23
y 11
end
arch light7
x 23
y 11
end
arch grass_thick2
z 50
x 23
y 12
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 23
y 13
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 23
y 14
end
arch grassd_5
z 50
x 23
y 15
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 23
y 16
end
arch lantern_black
x 23
y 16
end
arch light7
x 23
y 16
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 23
y 17
end
arch grassd_7
z 50
x 23
y 18
end
arch plant11
x 23
y 18
end
arch grassd_3
z 50
x 23
y 19
end
arch grassd_2
z 50
x 23
y 20
end
arch plant17
x 23
y 20
end
arch grassd_4
z 50
x 23
y 21
end
arch lantern_black
x 23
y 21
end
arch light7
x 23
y 21
end
arch grassd_1
z 50
x 23
y 22
end
arch plant_flower7
x 23
y 22
end
arch floor_fs_grey1b
z 50
x 23
y 23
end
arch grassd_m6
x 23
y 23
end
