arch map
name Wizards' Tower: The Roof
msg
Created:  2014-12-27 Alex Tokar
Modified: 2015-01-03 Alex Tokar
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 1
darkness -1
outdoor 1
bg_music campfire_tales.mid
region lyondale_archipelago_wizard
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 2
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 7
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 16
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 17
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 18
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 19
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 20
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
y 21
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 1
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 1
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 1
y 22
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 1
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 2
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 2
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 3
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 3
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 4
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 4
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 5
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 5
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 5
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 6
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 6
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 6
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 7
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 7
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 7
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 7
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 1
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 8
y 22
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 8
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 2
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 7
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 16
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 17
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 18
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 19
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 20
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 9
y 21
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 9
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 2
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 7
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 16
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 14
y 21
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 14
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 1
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 15
y 22
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 15
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2c
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 16
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 16
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2b
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 16
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 16
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 17
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 18
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 19
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 20
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 9
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 21
y 9
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 14
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 21
y 14
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 21
y 23
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 21
y 23
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 1
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 22
y 1
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 8
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 22
y 8
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 15
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 22
y 15
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 21
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 22
y 22
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 22
y 22
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 2
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 23
y 2
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 3
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 4
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 5
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 6
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 7
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 23
y 7
end
arch fwall_fstone2a
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 16
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 23
y 16
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 17
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 18
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 19
end
arch fwall_fstone2
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 20
end
arch fwall_fstone2d
hidden 1
draw_double 0
x 23
y 21
end
arch map_info
name la_wizards_tower
is_magical 1
x 23
y 21
end
